# # CreatePaymentRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amount** | **int** | Amount intended to be collected by this payment. A positive integer representing how much to charge in the smallest currency unit (e.g., 100 cents to charge 1.00 USD). | 
**currency** | **string** | Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_4217), in uppercase. Must be a supported currency. | 
**order_id** | **string** | An order ID from your system. A unique identifier that can be used to reconcile the payment with your internal system. | 
**callback_url** | **string** | The URL to which a payment result should be sent asynchronously. | 
**complete_url** | **string** | The URL the customer will be directed to after transaction completed (successful or failed - except if &#x60;failUrl&#x60; is provided). | 
**fail_url** | **string** | The URL the customer will be directed to after transaction has failed, instead of &#x60;completeUrl&#x60; (used in hosted payment page). This allows to provide two different URLs for successful and failed payments. | [optional] 
**cancel_url** | **string** | The URL the customer will be directed to if they decide to cancel payment and return to your website (used in hosted payment page). | [optional] 
**payment_token** | **string** | A payment token generated by monei.js [Components](https://docs.monei.com/docs/monei-js-overview) or a paymentToken [saved after a previous successful payment](https://docs.monei.com/docs/save-payment-method). In case of the first one, you will also need to send the &#x60;sessionId&#x60; used to generate the token in the first place. | [optional] 
**session_id** | **string** | A unique identifier within your system that adds security to the payment process. You need to pass the same session ID as the one used on the frontend to initialize MONEI Component (if you needed to). This is required if a payment token (not permanent) was already generated in the frontend. | [optional] 
**generate_payment_token** | **bool** | If set to true a permanent token that represents a payment method used in the payment will be generated. | [optional] [default to false]
**payment_method** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\PaymentPaymentMethodInput**](PaymentPaymentMethodInput.md) |  | [optional] 
**allowed_payment_methods** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\PaymentPaymentMethods**](PaymentPaymentMethods.md) |  | [optional] 
**transaction_type** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\PaymentTransactionType**](PaymentTransactionType.md) |  | [optional] 
**sequence** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\PaymentSequence**](PaymentSequence.md) |  | [optional] 
**point_of_sale_id** | **string** | A unique identifier of the Point of Sale. If specified the payment is attached to this Point of Sale. If there is a QR code attached to the same Point of Sale, this payment will be available by scanning the QR code. | [optional] 
**subscription_id** | **string** | A unique identifier of the Subscription. If specified the payment is attached to this Subscription. | [optional] 
**description** | **string** | An arbitrary string attached to the payment. Often useful for displaying to users. | [optional] 
**customer** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\PaymentCustomer**](PaymentCustomer.md) |  | [optional] 
**billing_details** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\PaymentBillingDetails**](PaymentBillingDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**shipping_details** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\PaymentShippingDetails**](PaymentShippingDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**session_details** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\PaymentSessionDetails**](PaymentSessionDetails.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)


